# Changes

## v0.1.9
### Reputation System Update
Fields for Acclaim/Reprimand added to the sheet.

Support for the newer Klingon/Digest reputation system has been added.

### Misc
Bugfix: Discipline order did not match System [#29](https://github.com/WesWedding/sta-enhanced/issues/29).

## v0.1.8
Bugfix: System updates broke the Enhanced sheets.

## v0.1.7
### New Item Chat Cards
The STA System item chat cards have been completely replaced with a cleaner
implementation and a nicer layout, with clearer information.

Cards generated by clicking on a Value, Belonging, Talent, or Focus will now
be explicitly labelled with the "type" of the Item being displayed.  No more
confusion about whether a Player is trying to show a Focus or a Value!

All items that had descriptions excluded from cards now have them included,
too.  Chat cards also include Escalation and Opportunity costs.

Note: Challenge rolls and Task rolls generated by clicking buttons on the
character sheet still use the old somewhat messy layout.

### Other Changes
* Fixed: The Notes field shows HTML tags.  E.g. `"<p>A note</p>"` instead
  of being formatted correctly.
* Cards generated by directly clicking items on Character Sheets share a
  single Handlebars template, allowing a clean separation of code and
  presentation.  Hopefully something to push to the System in the future!

## v0.1.6
### Weapon belonging updates
You can now tell whether a weapon has Qualities and Effects at a glance.  If a
Weapon belonging has a description, you can click the weapon to reveal it just
like you would on a Talent.

### Other changes
* Plugin sets the "show map notes" to default to true, to improve the discoverability of map notes.
* Tab buttons are more accessible; can be used via keyboard navigation and screen readers.

### Bugfixes
* Mouse-clicking on the button to increase max/min stress was not working (keyboards worked).
* Input listeners were added to sheets that a player wouldn't be able to edit if they wanted to.

## v0.1.5
### Added partial support for STA System v1.2 and up

Supports the new "Stress Modifier" addition to characters, but a replacement
for the 2nd Edition character sheets has not beed provided.  You may modify
your maximum Stress by clicking the up/down buttons next to the "Stress Track"
title, located directly above the track itself.
